# A tutorial on installing PLUMED

This repository contains instructions with various levels of detail for installing PLUMED.

The file NAVIGATION.md that is shown on the PLUMED website is a modification of the one in this repository.
Modifications to this file are generated by the python script `build.py`. This script uses the information in
`md_notes.yml` to construct a graph that contains information about the various MD codes that can PLUMED can be used with.
If you have implemented an interface between PLUMED and another MD code please feel free to modify this file.  It should be
self explanatory.

The file `Installation.md` that is shown on the PLUMED tutorial website is constructed by the python script `build.py.` 
This script takes the information in the file `Installation.md` and the directories `computers`, `sections` and `Modals` 
and merges it all together.  

If you have specific information about installing PLUMED on a particular machine you can add an additional file in the `computers` directory.
The option to show that information will appear in the dropdown menu that appears when the user asks to see how to install PLUMED on a cluster.

The `Modals` directory has all the content that appears in pop-up windows.  If you would like to create a new pop-up window then you can add a 
further file in that directory (please ensure that the file has no special characters in the name and that it is named <name>.md).  You then need to 
add an instruction on when to open that pop up.

Lastly, the file `options.yml` contains the information that is used to construct the dropdown menu that tells users the various ways they can build the code.
The questions are what appear in the dropdown menu.  What is shown when that dropdown menu is selected then listed in the sections part.  The various sections in 
here refer to files that are contained in the `sections` directory.
